Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Adam Armstrong <adama@project-observer.org>

Please see license.txt for usage requirements and restrictions.

Introduction
------------

Observer is an auto-discovering network monitoring system. 

It's designed to be an easily-navigable interface to the health of your network.

Planned Features
----------------

* Full IPv6 capabilities
* Pseudowire (MPLS/L2TP) tracking
* MPLS IP-VPN tracking
* 6500/7600 non-MSFC CPU tracking (pfc/dfc et al)
* 6500/7600 non-MSFC memory tracking
* 95th and metered usage tracking

Installation
------------

Installation of Observer is currently not for the faint of heart! There is no automated
install script, so it'll probably take quite a bit of fiddling!

Please see http://www.project-observer.org.

Changelog
---------

Pre-Release 0.3.3

Much prettier front page
Tidied up service checking layout

Release 0.3.2.1 ( 27th March 2008 )

Minor bugfix to interface discovery engine.

Release 0.3.2 ( 26th March 2008 ) 

Added BGP peer detection and watching
Cleaned up the front page and made it more useful
Added better syslog support
Added some Juniper Netscreen support 
Wrote a better OS detection system
Added some billing features 
Rewrote and restructured a lot of the discovery
Rewrote some polling stuff

... This release is greatly improved, and threatens
 to actually work properly for people other than me!

Release 0.3.1 ( 30th November 2007 )
Fixed a great many things and made it prettier!

.. This release took so long that I've largely forgotten 
 what's been changed. Again!

Release 0.3.0-pre1 ( 24th June 2007 )
Added VLAN features for cisco devices
Added scripts to check for interface errors
Added extraction of current interface rates from rrd files
Added some syslog stuff
Added email notification for device reboots

.. Lots of other updates, most of which i've forgotten about!

Release 0.2.5
Added new CDP detection code and proper CDP link removal
Added service addition page
Added device overview
Added more interface pages
Added syslogging using syslog-ng
Added temperature monitoring and discovery
Added TCP/IP/UDP/ICMP statistics collection and graphing
Fixed some graphs
Tidied up some font sizes
Added stylesheet variable into config.php to allow custom files to be used

Release 0.2.4
Fixed some misnamed files
Fixed some hardcoded binary locations
Removed some messy AJAX
Replaced the menu bar
Added some new menu items
Cleaned up presentation of some pages

Release 0.2.3
Fixed some broken graphing code
Added host add/remove to web interface
Added host/interface/service status to web interface
Tidied up some code

Release 0.2.2
Replaced old layout with new 'Project Observer' layout
Added recognition of SNOM SIP phones, data collection and some graphing
Modified standard layout to remove Vostron-specific elements
Added cpu graphing for ProCurve devices
Added tabs for device page and AJAX loading of contents
Detection of HP ProCurve devices
Detection of m0n0wall devices by new snmp-id
Can now disable the Transit, Peering and Customer sections
Added some tabbing to Interface
Added detection of Net/Open/DragonFlyBSD

Release 0.2.1 - 19th January 2007
Modification of graphing disply style
Seperatation of device types
Implementation of storage graphing

Release 0.2.0 - 20th December 2006
Cleanup of graphing code
Seperation of customer-accessible interface
Preliminary alerting system

Release 0.1.2 - Late November 2006
Graphing of additional server-related data

Release 0.1.1 - November 2006
Removal of large amounts of perl.

Release 0.1.0 - October 2006
Initial Release.
Basic discovery in place. Graphing in place.


Feature Waiting List
--------------------

* Verification of discovered devices and interfaces
* Serial number tracking
* Manual layer 1 linking
* Proper Service Monitoring
* Alerting
